This video is about the basic construct of prompts.
There are three fundamental steps
in formulating prompts
content
instructions
and examples.
Content is the information
that is provided to the large language model. For task execution.
It could be a passage from a document tabler data like CSV
etc.
And this can be presented as a prompt
instructions are used to convey the tasks the
LM models need to accomplish.
This is done by utilizing the gen
A I patterns
that was already discussed in the previous sessions.
For instance,
answer a question.
What are the major steps to reprocess? An invoice
generate a project management plan for an upcoming release.
Summarize the call conversation
between a user
and a service desk agent
analyze and process the sales data
provided in a CS V file.
In order to ensure the output is formatted
and tailored. The way required examples may need to be provided in the prompt.
For example,
provide a concise summary in bullet points.
Provide more details on the aspects or dimensions of interest to focus on
such as
pay attention to the legal compliance aspects
in the policy document.
Provide information on what needs to be extracted
for instance,
extract sl a compliance data for incidents
for the last six months for the provided CSV file
format, the output in a concise bulleted list or in a tabular format
in summary
content provides the task information
instructions utilize genai
patterns for task execution.
And examples focus on enhancing content, understanding
and pinpoint aspects or extraction details
and specifies the desired output format to
ensure the responses align with specific requirements.
Thank you.